really nice and thick you can see how
white that is and thick the egg yolks
and sugar have become and there's one
other flavor now classically it would
always be flour that you do is just a
plain flour but sort of modern thinking
a lot of people now are adding core
flour to it which works very very well
but I'm going to add something else I'm
going to use custard powder which may
sell a little bit different but what it
does it enhances that custard flavor and
at the same time gives you a much
brighter color with which to finish this
dish so we're going to add to this about
25 grams and now as you can see this has
come to the boil what we're going to do
is as we're mixing we're going to make a
milk
you can see already with this bright
yellow color you can smell the custard
happening there the fresh egg yolk the
fresh vanilla I'm taking the pot out of
the pan but of course we want to cook
out that egg yolk and at the same time
thicken it an awful lot more because
that's exactly what pastry cream it is
is like a very very thick custard and
now of course all we have to do is keep
it on the move because you'll notice it
was thickened very very quickly all you
need to do is actually cook this for
about two minutes and your pastry cream
is ready now as you can see here this is
very very thick look at that once this
is set it's going to be even thicker to
stop a skin forming on top what you can
do of course is just take a little touch
of icing sugar and dust it which will
prevent that skin forming well of course
just cover it with cling film now this
quantity here it probably makes about
300 milliliters three three and 400
milliliters which is far too much world
one for this actual recipe I only want
200 milliliters of this now I've got
some pre-made here which is cooled look
at that you see quite robbery but don't
be put off by that and it's at this
point now I'm going to beat it back down
and you can see it's doing that quite
easily so it's really not difficult to
talk I think that's absolutely fine you
can see now look that's exactly the kind
of consistency I'm looking for now to
add to that 200 milliliters of the
pastry cream there I'm going to take
about 150 milliliters of double cream I
am just going to lightly sweeten it with
a touch of icing sugar and let's be that
little extravagant and add a touch of
fresh vanilla to it
right that's the kind of consistency
we're looking for just approaching that
soft peak the first thing I'm going to
do is take just a little bit of the
cream and really work it in to the
custard and that has helped break down
the actual pastry cream itself yet again
but still nicely thick which is just
what we want so this family slice you've
just got to imagine presenting this on
the table I think it just offers that a
little bit more than just strawberries
and cream doesn't it first take one
piece of pastry for the base and cover
with half the pastry cream because the
pastry so fragile is easiest to pipe the
cream on and I'm using a 1 centimeter
plain tube before the sandwich gets too
big transfer it onto a serving plate
so here we have the summer fruit family
slice just bound with that lovely soft
pastry cream and sandwiched with the
crispy puff pastry